Add note explaining that minimumEventLevel and minimumBreadcrumbLevel… (#5137)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/java.logback.mdx

1. Configure the lowest level required for a log message to become an event (`minimumEventLevel`) sent to Sentry.
2. Configure the lowest level a message has to be to become a breadcrumb (`minimumBreadcrumbLevel`).

<Note>

> Setting `minimumEventLevel` or `minimumBreadcrumbLevel` in `logback.xml` only affects events logged via Logback. The settings will have no effect when calling `Sentry.captureMessage` or similar directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `minimumEventLevel` or `minimumBreadcrumbLevel` in `logback.xml` only affects events logged by way of Logback. The settings will have no effect when calling `Sentry.captureMessage` or similar directly.
```
